Whiteboard of the three server web infrastructure that hosts the website www.foobar.com (link)
https://imgur.com/a/HoGEpRA


For every additional element, why you are adding it
2 servers:
Two additional servers are added to enable handling of more incoming traffic (HTTP requests and responses) as one server wont be able to handle all the requests without affecting the users' experience.

1 load-balancer(HA Proxy):
The load balancer(software or hardware) is added to be able to redirect traffic to the respective servers to avoid overburdening of one server while others stay idle and also in the case one server stops working it helps achieve failover to the other servers to lessen negative impact on users


What distribution algorithm your load balancer is configured with and how it works?
Our load balancer is configured with the Round Robin Load balancing algorithm, where clients requests are distributed to servers in a simple rotation, like in our case we have three servers, the first request is sent to the first server, the second request to the second server and the third request to the third server and the rotation continues.

Is your load-balancer enabling an Active-Active or Active-Passive setup, explain the difference between both?
The load-balancer is enabling an Active-Active setup
The difference is that for the Active-active setup, all servers are working concurrently ensuring improved scalability and providing high availability whereas for the Active-Passive setup, there is a server that is active that handles the requests and another server is on standby and in the case of a server failure the malfunctioned one is turned off completely and the other one takes over thus switching roles.

How a database Primary-Replica (Master-Slave) cluster works?

It starts with the master logging the updates, which then ripple through to the slaves. The slave outputs a message confirming it has received the update successfully, thus allowing sending of subsequent updates. This can happen at the same time(synchronous) or queued up and written later(asynchronous)


What is the difference between the Primary node and the Replica node in regard to the application?

In our case the primary node refers to the Master whereas the replica node refers to the slave.



Issues with this infrastructure
0. Where are SPOF:
The load-balancer: since all the requests(traffic) pass through it,it poses an issue as if the load-balancer malfunctions or stops working then the traffic will not be equally distributed which will lead to overwhelming of one of the servers and if one server fails then it will not be able to failover/switch to the rest of the servers.

1. Security issues (no firewall, no HTTPS): The lack of a firewall to provide protection against outside cyber attackers by shielding the network from malicious or unnecessary network traffic is an issue. In addition to that, there is no HTTPS which helps encrypt information so that attackers can't steal data and this is also an issue affecting this infrastructure

2. No monitoring: The lack of monitoring is an issue as monitoring helps ensure that the entire infrastructure is up and not just online, loading quickly and returning an error every time as this will negatively impact the users.
